[Music]
die well hello and welcome back to learn
English with
Minecraft of course this is the series
where I teach English while trying to
beat Minecraft my name is Kenzo and this
is English from the ground up and I just
saw a skeleton
burning in the sunlight so I have a big
goal for this video mhm in this video I
want to build a blaze farm in the
nether so to do that I'm going to follow
a tutorial on YouTube by
kmon so if you want to try building The
Blaze farm that I'll be building today
I'll leave a link to his video down in
the description but the first thing that
I'm going to do is Brew some potions of
fire
resistance and to do that I'm going to
need some Nether
wart all
right there we go now I have 15 Nether
wart next I'm going to make some bottles
using glass so one two three glass makes
three glass
bottles
okay
cool I'll put these bottles in the
brewing
stand like that and
now how do you
brew you YouTube okay so first oops
sorry iPad so first I need to make blaze
powder using blaze
rods okay I made six six blaze
powder now I'll put the blaze powder in
the brewing stand right
here and now I'm going to place some
Nether wart in the brewing stand
no oh these bottles need to have water
in
them okay I'll fill up these bottles
with water from my cauldron one 2
3 Now The Cauldron is
empty there's no more water inside The
Cauldron all right
now I'll place the water bottles in the
brewing
stand and now the Nether wart is going
to turn these water bottles into
something else you'll
see but we have to
wait all right so now we have awkward
potions the Nether wart turned the water
into awkward potions and now we can turn
these awkward potions into potions of
fire
resist using Magma Cream I got this
magma cream from the magma cubes in the
nether so now I'm going to put this
Magma Cream in the brewing
stand there we go and now now once again
we
wait there we
go potions of fire resistance so now I
have three potions of fire
resistance each one of these potions
lasts 3
minutes so Al together that's 9 minutes
9 Minutes of fire
resistance I might need
more how do you upgrade these Alexa
players can add Redstone Dust to the
recipe to Alexa
stop
cool I can improve these potions with
redstone dust so I'm going back up to my
chest room to go pick up some red stone
I have lots of red stone up there red
stone okay
potions uh red
stone there we go now I'm
improving these potions of fire
resistance and once again I
wait all right cool so now each one of
these potions lasts eight minutes
instead of just three so these are a lot
better I'll take these
potions
close
okay I put everything that I will need
to build the blaze farm inside this
chest some slabs some glass some Hoppers
Soul Sand chests and buckets so I'll
pick up all of these
things and I'll put away some of these
things that I don't need like Magma
Cream blaze rods Nether wart oh I'll
also need some
blocks um I have lots of
stone all right I think I'm ready to go
to the
nether so let's head to the portal open
the doors and follow the
path to the portal all right here we go
into The
Nether uhoh oh run I'm
running ah run run
run okay I'm going to eat some
fish
uh-oh die die run run run
run and continue
running I'll go up here
all right and I'm going towards the
nether
fortress
uh-oh di di di di
di
run the nether fortress is this
way my
staircase
jump
okay okay now I'm going to search
for a blaze
spawner aha there's one okay let's go
over there okay I'm at the spawner now
I'm going to pause the game and find the
tutorial on YouTube we had to go fire
block okay so the first thing I'm going
to do is oh fight these blazes I'm going
to drink my potion of fire
resistance
okay now I'm going to destroy all these
blocks around the spawner okay one
two
oh
die die die die die die die okay oh this
is dangerous one two three
four on this
side h on this side
oh my goodness
die oh this is
bad eat some
fish more
blazes okay one 2 3
4 okay four on this side and four on
this side on this side I'm going to go
five
blocks H okay one
two 3 4 five five blocks
and
ah wow this is terrible one
two one two three four five there we
go okay I'm going to pause the game and
look at the next
step so far this is really
bad they're so many
blazes okay the roof shape is almost
done okay this next step is going to be
hard oh wow I'm going to break all these
blocks on the
ceiling
break break go away go
away break all these break these fences
okay I'm going to go up three blocks one
two three and here I need to place
slabs destroy all these
blocks
ah die wow die die
die
oh oh my okay up up up and here I need
to Place
slabs
slabs oh
wow have to break all these blocks break
break break ah
whoa oh that was
scary
die break these
blocks
you
know I don't really think I need a blaze
farm
yeah I think building a blaze farm is
kind of
terrible yeah I give up I give
up I'm not building a blaze
farm that was horrible uh-oh die die
die all right so I give up building a
blaze farm but I still need Blaze blaze
rods so I'm going to stay here in the
Nether and kill a bunch of blazes to
collect blaze rods so I'm going back to
the blaze spawner I think it's this way
yeah right over
there I'm going to wait here and kill a
bunch of blazes to collect blaze
rods
die die die die die
die I also want to find more ancient
debris
uh-oh so I can build a netherite
pickaxe
die I have seven blaze rods okay Alexa
where's the best place to find ancient
debris in the
nether with the best place being at y
level 15 y level 15
right now my y level is
74 oh that's not
good I need to go down whoa that is a
huge Magma
Cube and it's floating in the
air uh-oh ah
ah run run run oh
wow oh wow the nether is
horrible so instead of building a blaze
farm I'm going to search for some
ancient debris that I can turn into
netherite so I can build a netherite
pickaxe so the best place to find
netherite is on y level 15 right now I'm
on level 74 so I need to go down uhoh uh
oh okay I need to go down okay I'm at my
portal and
uhoh
hey don't do
that
no from here I'm going to start digging
down maybe
I'm watching
you I'm going to start digging down
right
here
down and I'm going to be looking for
ancient
debris ancient de breeze uh-oh
uh-oh well I won't continue this
way or I'll fall down into
lava where should I dig to search for
ancient
debris
um o can I get down
there I'll try going down there okay
I'll make a staircase
here
uhoh
uh-oh never mind I'll go back back up
you know this video is not going great
for me no I'm going to try to get over
there H and I'm building these Stone
pillars so I don't lose my way
back because I am terrible with
directions okay let's continue
downward oh uh-oh uh-oh
uh-oh
die
uh-oh uhoh uhoh this is
bad
ah
uhoh no no no no no no no
no two
there are two
gas
run this is terrible I'm creating a
staircase
down these gas are scaring
me okay let's
continue okay I made the staircase down
what level am I on now why why level 41
okay well I still need to go down well
I'll continue digging
down
down uhoh lava well I'll block this
off and I'll turn to the
right and continue digging downward
until I reach level 15 right now I'm on
level 21 I'm close okay now I'm on y
level
15 so this should be the best place to
find ancient
debris so I'll start digging straight
right
here
lava hopefully I can find some ancient
debris digging digging
digging more lava uhoh
uhoh okay
well once again I'll turn to the
right and dig this
way
I found
some wow I already found some ancient
debris I'll use my fortune
pickaxe to mine
it um I don't
think Fortune really works for ancient
debris but I'll throw
away um um some
Netherrack and some nether quartz and
more Netherrack there we go ancient de
breze was there only one only one piece
H only one piece but that's okay I'll
find more
torch
lava okay I blocked off the lava
and once again I'll turn to the right
and continue
digging
wow I dug a long way here this is a
really long tunnel so I've still only
found one piece of ancient
debris ah more
gravel
torch oh
lava
whoa I'm going
back back this way oh come on I need to
find more ancient
debris oh few I finally found
more I finally found more ancient debris
oh that took me
forever all right I'm going to mine
these ancient debris and it looks like I
found one two three
pieces
one
two three any more
three
pieces cool so now I've found four
ancient debris I'll look for a little
bit longer before going back up to my
portal more ancient
debris
yes all right
one two
three three more ancient
debris so now I'm up to
seven that's great I'm going to keep
searching okay I'm going to dig one more
tunnel and then I'm finished searching
for ancient
debris one more Tunnel right
here oh lava and no ancient debris all
right I'm going back up to my
portal all right I ate some
fish and I'm going back up to the
surface of the
nether I can hear Ghasts up
here all right up my
staircase up up up and I'm going to
follow my
pillars
pillar
ER all right I'm almost back to my
portal here we
are my
portal cool let's go through the
portal all right well now I'm going to
turn these ancient debris into
netherite close the
doors close the
gate I think I have more ancient debris
in this
chest
yep so all together I have nine ancient
debris nothing nothing nothing so I
don't have any sources of fuel for my
furnaces I don't have any coal or
charcoal or bamboo to cook the ancient
debris
so right now I'm going to sleep because
it's night time sleep and in the morning
I'll go collect some bamboo from my
farm it's morning time to go to my
farm swim swim
swim here we are at the farm and it just
just
activated let's pick up some
bamboo cool and go back to the
furnaces
okay I'm going to turn this bamboo into
bamboo
blocks bamboo
blocks okay put it in the furnace to use
as fuel and now I'll smelt these ancient
debris there we
go cool pretty soon I'll have some
netherite that I can turn into a
netherite pickaxe and a netherite
sword netherite
scraps almost finished
and there we go nine netherite
scraps cool I'm going to build some
sticks okay the first thing I'm going to
build is a neite
pickaxe two sticks and one two
three netherite scraps
no how do you build a netherite
pickaxe
nether right
Ingot oh
wow so
each netherite Ingot requires one two
three four netherite scraps and 1 2 3 4
gold
ingots I only have nine netherite scraps
which means I can only make
two netherite
ingots do I have any gold yeah I
do
gold
well one netherite
Ingot
and one two three four 1 2 3
4 two netherite
ingots so I will need to find a lot more
ancient debris in the
nether you know what I'm going to use
these netherite ingots to build a
netherite sword just because I want
to let's
see one stick two two ingots no
what
netherite
[Music]
sword where's the netherite
sword Alexa how do you build a netherite
sword how do you build a nether right
sword right sword will appear in the
result box oh
so let's
see if I use the smithing
table I can put in my diamond
sword and a netherite
Ingot smithing
template let's
see
sword
ingot
I I don't know what I'm
doing I have no idea how to build a
netherite
sword so I'll look it up on the internet
and in the next video I will build a
netherite sword if I
can if I have everything I need to build
a netherite
but I'm going to end this video here
because I failed at building a blaze
farm and I failed at building netherite
tools so I'm going to stop this video
here before I fail again thank you so
much for watching if you liked this
video you could leave me a like or click
the Subscribe button and as always I
will see you in the next video see you
your action is just one step to abstract
to the average M to understand the
crimes you have
committed